== pacman - Google Developer Day 2010 DevQuiz PAC-MAN game implementation for xyzzy

* Home URL: http://github.com/miyamuko/pacman
* Version: 0.0.1


=== SYNOPSIS

ゲームの開始:

  M-x pacman-start-from-clipboard

操作方法:

  a              自動プレイ開始 (Ctrl-g で手動に切り替え)
  b              DevQuiz の答え (hjkl の文字列) を入力
  r              リセット
  q              終了
  d              デバッグ情報を表示

  Backspace      前の通路まで undo
  C-z            〃
  M-Backspace    前にドットを食べたところまで undo
  C-M-z          〃

  UP    または C-p または k     上に移動
  Down  または C-n または j     下に移動
  Right または C-f または l     右に移動
  Left  または C-b または h     左に移動
  Enter または SPC または .     その場にとどまる


=== DESCRIPTION

pacman は {Google Developer Day 2010 DevQuiz}[http://gdd-2010-quiz-japan.appspot.com] の
PAC-MAN 問題の仕様を実装したゲームです。

手動で PAC-MAN を解くことができます。
また、自動で回答を探索することもできます。

=== TODO

なし。


=== AUTHOR

みやむこ かつゆき <mailto:miyamuko@gmail.com>


=== COPYRIGHT

pacman は MIT/X ライセンスに従って本ソフトウェアを使用、再配布することができます。

  Copyright (c) 2010 MIYAMUKO Katsuyuki.

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
